docs for 1.5.9 (#859)
featurehub-io/featurehub: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/architecture.adoc

=== Dacha

Dacha is where the data that is required by every SDK is cached, and you need at least one of these for an operational
FeatureHub system. It can be run in-process (using the _Party Server_ design), or separately. Edge always talks to
Dacha which holds permissions, environments, features, and pre-calculated etags for appropriate requests.

==== Architectural Choices for Dacha

> There are two choices for Dacha, the standard for Dacha before 1.5.9 is Dacha1.

Reviewer: I would say: There are two choice for Dacha: Dacha1 and Dacha2 (available from 1.5.9)

> There are two choices for Dacha, the standard for Dacha before 1.5.9 is Dacha1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two choice for Dacha: Dacha1 and Dacha2 (Dacha2 is available from v1.5.9).
```
